Boy, you're going to lose this time
cut
Yeah, I forgot to tell us. I have inside information
Hahahahaha, you in the new industry have been fooled.
Ah, Mr. Ye, I told you a long time ago
Wang Kuan must have no good intentions
You don't listen
The gamble has not yet begun
It's not decided yet.
Stronger than me
Dark Horse Dark Horse
Hahaha
I see you are dying until dusk
Hello, spend 50.01 million on Tengfei shares
Okay, Tengfei bought 10 million.
Yu'er
Is it there?
Mr. Yuer, are you sure?
Yu'er's skeleton is moving a bit badly now
Confirm that Yuer buys 10 million
Boy, if you buy other stocks
I can still put it on my stomach
If it wasn't for Yu'er, you would have agreed
Prophecy will lose
According to our reporter's concern
On May 20th, the stock market went red all the way
In just five days, the broader market index doubled
Among them, Yuyuan Mall is priced from 80.
Pull up to 10,009 yuan
Hit a record high
As long as the emperor thinks so
Then we will
I'll see.